[Master Daki] You've been
hiding something from me.
Maul...
[Maul] You are beginning to see things
from a new perspective.
[Devon] I heard the stories.
I know what you are.
[Maul] You're operating under the premise
that I am somehow the villain here.
but it is not as simple as good and evil.
Dryden Vos.
I have a proposal.
I will personally provide your escape
from the Imperial forces on Janix.
Once I complete my part of the bargain.
you install me
as the leader of Crimson Dawn.
[Master Daki] Your message
was received.
Now reveal your intentions.
A ship will rendezvous with us soon.
Outside the city.
Our only chance of escape is an alliance.
[groaning] Master...
[groans. growls]
-[acid hissing]
-[Icarus groaning]
[Rook Kast] Someone is out there.
[yelps]
[screams echoing]
[heavy breathing]
[lightsaber activates]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Maul grunting]
[Maul screams in pain]
[groans softly]
-[Lawson] Come on!
-[Maul grunting]
[Lawson] This is useless.
We need to move!
Run.
[Maul panting]
[breathing heavily]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[ruins rumbling]
[Master Daki grunts]
[heavy breathing]
You must leave. We will soon follow.
He is right. Let's go!
[ruins rumbling]
-[yelping]
-Move! Come on!
[all yelling]
You're no inquisitor.
[Maul grunting]
What are you?
[Maul pants]
[Maul grunting]
[groaning]
[snarling and grunting]
[gasping. gags]
[groans]
[Maul grunting angrily]
[groaning]
[Devon grunts]
[both grunting]
[Maul panting in pain]
[Master Daki groans]
[Maul groans]
[ruins rumbling]
-Quickly!
-Devon!
[Maul grunting]
[breathing heavily]
-[Maul panting]
-[rubble thudding]
[♪ epic music playing]
[Darth Vader breathing heavily]
They'll make it out. Right?
I'm certain Devon and her master
will catch up.
[device chirruping]
Oh. what a time to call.
[clears throat]
Dryden Vos. hi.
[Dryden Vos] Vario. we are en route.
[whooshing]
Make certain Lord Maul
is ready for immediate extraction.
[Vario] We're on our way. sir.
Yeah. we ran into. uh...
a little complication. but we--
There had better be no complications.
This extraction needs to be quick.
I'm not here to engage the Empire.
[pilot] We're closin' in.
We need to kill comms or risk detection.
Vario.
we're taking communications offline.
I will contact you shortly.
[Vario] Dryden! Dry--
[pilot] Sir. it... it could be a risk.
Great risks yield great rewards.
He can be a valuable asset
to my interests.
and with his help
I will take over this syndicate.
and we will all profit
more than we ever have.
[sighs wearily]
You sure this is the way
to the landing site. Lawson?
According to your coordinates. yeah.
Just keep moving.
Oh. yeah. "Just keep moving." [scoffs]
Yeah. you're a picture of positivity.
Wait! Wait!
[♪ tense music plays]
This enemy is something different.
I fear what my instincts are telling me.
What? What is it?
[sighing] It can't be...
-A Dark Lord of the Sith.
-No. no. no. no...
How do we defeat it?
Only when you let go of your restraint.
Tap into your rage.
Let it serve you.
No! Do not give in to such emotions.
We must remain calm in the face of fear.
True power lies
in our patience and cunning.
Our enemy knows how Jedi fight.
-You must adapt to outsmart him.
-[rumbling]
[groans softly]
Your master would be wise
to heed my advice.
-[electricity crackling]
-[groans]
[chuckles softly]
I know how to defeat it
because I was taught by the most powerful
Sith Lord of all.
Darth... Sidious.
Please listen to me.
My master purged the Jedi Order
and made himself the Emperor.
Devon. I implore you.
Use your rage and unleash your potential.
There's a path ahead. We must keep moving.
[groaning. panting]
I will assist him. You go.
We must stay together.
The Lawsons need your help.
Remain alert.
Find them. Devon.
He is very powerful.
But if we defend one another.
we will be stronger.
No. if I am right. he knows how you think.
Aggression. It is the only way.
Hmm.
[crashing. rumbling]
[breathing heavily]
[faint rumbling]
[lightsaber ignites]
[sighs]
[Eleventh Brother screeches]
[grunting]
-[breathing heavily]
-[lightsabers crackling]
[Devon yelling. grunting]
-[Maul grunting]
-[yelps]
[groaning]
[Devon grunting loudly]
Devon!
[Devon grunts]
[Maul grunts]
[groaning]
[panting]
[Darth Vader breathing heavily]
[Eleventh Brother snarls]
[grunts]
-[breathing heavily]
-[grunting]
All right. This is the pickup.
I think I see a ship.
Oh. Yeah. that ain't our ship.
[stormtrooper] Form an offensive line.
No one gets through.
There!
[Vario] That's a very big gun!
[panting] Run! Run! Run!
[groans softly]
5538. take off
and get a visual from the air.
[whooshes]
[grunts. pants]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[panting]
Oh. Dryden's not gonna like this.
[shuttle engine whirring]
Go!
[Maul grunting angrily]
[lightsaber whirring]
[Devon grunting]
[yelps]
-[all panting]
-[Vario panting. whimpering]
Dad. we're running out of time.
We're not going anywhere
with that shuttle circling.
I suggest a new plan.
We take their cannon
and destroy that shuttle.
Your droid's plans are as bad as yours.
Yeah. but it's all we've got.
We need a distraction.
Yeah. yeah. we need a dis-- What?
Why are y'all-- What. me?
You are the smallest and hardest to hit.
You wanna get out of here or what?
Yeah. Alive!
All you've gotta do is run.
Come on. Mr. Big Shot. you got this.
[sighs wearily]
You Lawsons.
-I'll give you the signal.
-[blaster cocks]
[grunting]
[lightsabers whooshing]
[Devon grunting loudly]
[Master Daki grunts]
[Marrok yells]
[Maul groans]
[Devon grunting]
[groans. yelps]
[shuttle whooshes]
Dad. I can help.
No. Rylee.
You wait here and stay down.
You hear me?
Be careful.
[shuttle whooshes]
[whispering] Vario. now.
Okay. You're not small. you're super tall.
[softly] You got this. Vario.
You got this.
[groaning] Okay. fine.
[breathing deeply]
You're not small. you're super tall.
[loudly] Here goes nothing!
[Vario yelling]
Over here. you moof-milking laser brains!
[yelling in panic]
[yelps]
[groans]
[laser cannon firing]
[mechanical whining]
[distant explosion]
-Together. we can do this.
-[grunts loudly]
[yelps]
[breathing heavily]
[both grunting]
[Vario yelling in panic]
[engine clacking]
-[Two-Boots yells]
-Two-Boots!
[stormtrooper] Over here!
Two-Boots. stay with Rylee.
I'll get to you.
[breathing heavily]
[snarls and yells]
[groaning]
[grunting]
-[gags]
-[both groaning]
[panting]
-[groans softly]
-[panting]
[gasps and pants]
-[Devon grunting]
-[panting]
No.
[panting]
[Lawson panting]
[yelps]
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
-[grunting]
-[breathing heavily]
[Master Daki groans]
-[groans. pants]
-[Darth Vader breathing heavily]
Master!
[yelps]
[groans softly]
No! [exhales]
[groans]
[screaming] No! No!
[yelling]
-[grunts]
-[lightsabers crackling]
[yells]
[yelps]
[groans. yelps]
[panting]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[grunting angrily]
[yells]
[♪ dramatic music continues playing]
[Maul grunting angrily]
It's Dryden! He's comin' in!
Sir. it's heavy fire.
I need Maul.
[whooshes]
[engines whirring]
[yelps. whimpers]
Vario! Where is Maul?
No. he'll be here. He's right behind me.
[Rylee] Dad! We're pinned down!
We can't get to the ship!
Rylee...
Dad. where are you?
I know I could have done better. man...
but I tried.
Two-Boots. promise me. partner.
You're gonna get him to his mother.
Rylee... I love you. son.
Dad. No!
[grunting]
-Dad!
-Rylee Lawson. we must hurry!
[pants. groaning]
Let go of me! Dad!
Dad!
No!
[♪ tragic music playing]
-[yelps]
-[growls]
[grunting and yelling]
[Darth Vader breathing heavily]
No. [yells]
[rumbling]
-[Maul screaming]
-[ruins rumbling]
[grunts angrily]
[Maul] Devon! We must go.
No!
[voice distorting] I will kill them!
You are not yet strong enough!
But I will train you.
and we will have our revenge.
-[rubble thudding]
-[grunting angrily]
[laser cannons firing]
[breathing heavily]
[ships whooshing]
[grunts]
[sobbing. panting]
[Rylee sobbing]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Lord Maul...
I have upheld my half of the bargain.
And I will honor mine.
[sighs softly]
[grunts]
All right.
I'm ready.
[♪ foreboding music playing]
[♪ music fades]
[♪ closing theme music playing]